(Zeanne) I enjoyed helping out Jose in the coastal cleanup! It's really tiring yet fun picking up pieces of trash, including empty water bottles, plastic wraps, candy wrappers, and so on. There were even times when I discovered sachets and wrappers with designs dating back from before Zene and I were born! They really look antique (and even nostalgic for some collectors out there), and they looked either almost similar or even very different from the designs used today!

(Zene) I also had fun helping Mika replant corals. You may think it's quite complex, but it's actually very simple! Firstly, you have to be a certified scuba diver (just like me, and to be honest, you're never too young to learn how to scuba dive! Just as my twin sister mentioned earlier, I began taking scuba lessons since I was 6, but I know of other kids who did so at 10, 9, or even 8 or 7!), and of course, you need pieces of live corals, zip ties, and cross-cutters or snippers (Mika, who is of course my dive buddy, provided them). Additionally, there was a wire frame that was installed underwater by Mika, Jose, and their groupmates earlier, and this was the place where we replanted the corals. Firstly, we used the zip ties to secure the live coral pieces on the frame, then we used the cross-cutters/snippers to remove excess from the zip ties. That's it!

(Zene) Fun fact: Living Coral was named Pantone's 2019 Color of the Year (https://www.pantone.com/color-intelligence/color-of-the-year/color-of-the-year-2019). Can you count in the picture above how many corals we replanted have that color?