"I think I know this place," said Zeanne. "It must be the world-famous Palawan Subterranean River." As she spoke, echoes began screaming all thoughout the cave. Then, something that Zene and Zeanne were afraid of came to them.

"Listen," said Zene. "I'm scared of that shrilling sound. It could mean hundreds of bats."

"Yikes!" said Zeanne. "I really don't like those flying animals too. They really make me more fearful." As she was saying this, hundreds of bats began swarming their boat, and Zene and Zeanne took refuge under the vessel. Zene even prayed, "Lord, please protect us from those flying nightmares!"

Eventually, that prayer has been answered, as just seconds later, Zene stood up, and realized that he was not anymore on the boat. Instead, he was on the top of a bunker bed, wearing his favorite one-piece pajama with coverings for his feet. He also saw his sister Zeanne, wearing her usual nightgown, right below him.

"Thank God!" Zene said silently. "It was just a dream!" He quickly fell back to sleep. But just seconds later, his smart phone rang. Zene picked it up, and realized that it was time for him and his sister to wake up.

Zene gently went down the ladder, and slowly woke up her sister. Zeanne, still feeling drowsy from her sleep, eventually rose from her bed. They then changed into their usual clothes (Zene usually wears a light blue T-shirt with a basketball printed on it, dark blue shorts, and silver rubber shoes with indigo velcro strips, while Zeanne usually wears a pink and yellow dress with a flower printed on it and a big pocket right below it, and black sandals).

"Excited for the first day of school, ate?" Zene asked his sister.

"Yes, definitely," replied the still-sleepy Zeanne.