The first stop on our tour is the mangrove forest, said to be one of the largest in the Philippines. We were very surprised as we were walking through it. 

(Zeanne) Zene wondered why is the mangrove forest more of a lake than an actual forest, because he could not find a single patch of soil there. 

(Zene) On the other hand, Zeanne added that it's kinda weird that the trees grow on water, not on the soil which we are used to.

Later, a mangrove farmer came and explained to us the importance of mangrove forests. He said that mangroves are very special trees because they grow on swamps and shores, not on soil. And he added that there is actually a good reason as to why God created those mangroves that way.

He then lowered a cage right near a mangrove tree and when he took it out, there were lots of crabs in there. The mangrove farmer said that the roots of the mangroves serve as a safe haven for the crabs and other sea animals for them to grow up. Ilimee wanted to try touching one, so the farmer allowed her, warning her to be careful. He then took out a crab from the cage and let Ilimee touch it. When Ilimee neared her fingers, the crab snapped its big claws at her. It's a good thing she did not get injured.

Then the farmer went on, telling us that mangrove forests protect coastal areas from destructive tidal waves and floods, but sadly, due to coastal developments and overfishing, these mangrove forests are rapidly dying out. The farmer even said that there are even some species that are endangered.